As a developer, I need to gather information for a "how to VR for dummies"
  Look into features inside the Unreal engine
    Pipeline integration
      Datasmith
        includes support for importing part and assembly data from native SolidWorks and CATIA files—including basic color extraction, hierarchy, and metadata—and preparing it for real-time use in Unreal Engine.
        “Save hours, if not days importing data into Unreal Engine”
      FBX, USD, and Alembic support
        Connect to media production pipelines, with support for industry standards like FBX, USD, and Alembic. First-class USD support enables users to collaborate better with team members and work in parallel.
        Animation
          Live Link data streaming
             The Live Link plugin enables you to connect a stream of real-time data from an external source to Unreal Engine. You can stream character animation, cameras, lights, and other data from DCC tools such as Maya or Motionbuilder, or from motion capture or performance capture systems, including Apple’s ARKit face tracking, so you can capture facial performances from an iPhone. Live Link is designed to be extensible through Unreal Plugins, enabling third parties to add support for new sources.
      Integrated Media Support
        Unreal Audio Engine
          Enhance your project’s audio with a rich audio feature set that includes real-time synthesis, dynamic DSP effects, physical audio propagation modeling, OSC support, layered Sound Concurrency, a Spectral Analyzer for Submixes, and the ability to bake Spectral Analysis curves and envelopes. Recent additions include convolution reverb processing and sound field rendering.
Research different software to guide the “how to”
  Tutorial on how to develop VR
    C#
      It works across both platforms (PC and Mac) and most of the VR applications are coded in Unity. Using the most popular language for the most popular engine is a ‘virtual’ no-brainer. It also has an extensive network of enlisted designers—should you need development help.
    C++
      If you’re going to develop something on a smaller scale, you may go with C#, but if you’re going big-time and need more…you’ll need Unreal and C++.
    Java
      Like C#, this object-oriented language is also useful for cross platform applications (PC and Mac).The new 3D API lets VR applications generate the needed 3D images in VR and helps track body movements well.
    JavaScript
      Since it’s the language understood by most browsers, JavaScript works well for the WebVR platform involved in creation of web based Virtual Reality applications. It works with developers to readily create VR apps for the web (and for download).
    Python
      Perhaps the easiest of the programming languages to learn, Python is a good language to learn for someone just beginning the field of VR development. The language itself is pretty straightforward to understand; it also allows a user to develop their ideas with fewer code lines. This means that it’s also faster as well as easier. Developers can create VR projects quickly due to several interesting packages associated with Python.
    Blueprints
      Visual Scripting system in Unreal Engine is a complete gameplay scripting system based on the concept of using a node-based interface to create gameplay elements from within Unreal Editor. In addition, Blueprint-specific markup available in Unreal Engine's C++ implementation enables programmers to create baseline systems that can be extended by designers.
